SOFTWARE END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT
===================================

YOU SHOULD CAREFULLY READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS BEFORE USING THIS PRODUCT. BY CLICKING THE ACCEPTANCE BUTTON, INSTALLING THE SOFTWARE, YOU ARE CONSENTING TO BE BOUND BY AND ARE BECOMING A PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL OF THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, CLICK THE BUTTON THAT INDICATES YOU DO NOT ACCEPT THE TERMS, AND DO NOT INSTALL THE SOFTWARE.
This Agreement sets forth the terms and conditions of your use of the accompanying SafeKids software (the "Software"). For the purposes of this Agreement, "you" means you, the end user, and "Licensor" means Safe Kids LLC and its subsidiaries and affiliates.
1. License Grant. Licensor hereby grants to you a non-exclusive and non-transferable license to use the Software and related documentation (the "Documentation") solely for the intended purposes of the Software as set forth in the Documentation, according to the provisions contained herein and subject to payment of applicable license fees. You are not permitted to lease, rent, distribute or sublicense the Software or any rights therein. You also may not install the Software on a network server, use the Software in a time-sharing arrangement or in any other unauthorized manner. Further, no license is granted to you in the human readable code of the Software (source code). Except as provided below, this Agreement does not grant you any rights to patents, copyrights, trade secrets, trademarks, or any other rights in the Software and Documentation.
   You agree that you have no right, power or authority to make any modifications to or unauthorized copies of the Software. You may reproduce and provide copies of the Software and Documentation for each device, computer or workstation on which the Software is installed. Otherwise, the Software and Documentation may be copied only as essential for backup or archive purposes. You must reproduce and include all copyright notices and any other proprietary rights notices appearing on the Software and Documentation on any copies that you make.
2. License Types. Subject to the payment of the license fees and charges to Licensor, Licensor grants to you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable license to use the Software and Documentation during the term of this Agreement. You agree that you have no right, power or authority to make any modifications to or unauthorized copies of the Software and Documentation. The Software is provided to you subject to specific terms and conditions that further define the scope of Licensee's permitted installation of a license and use of the Software based on the type of License granted ("License Type"). The License Types, and the terms and conditions applicable to each License Type, are set out in this Section 2. Licensee must not, and must not attempt to, install any license or use the Software outside of the scope of the License Type that applies to the License issued to Licensee. Any actual or attempted installation of licenses or use of the Software outside of the scope of the applicable License Type is a breach of this Agreement and an infringement of the rights of Safe Kids.
   a. Trial License. A trial license ("Trial License") may only be used for evaluation purposes of the Software. It may be restricted in functionality or the functionality may become limited after the trail period expires. Licensee may at any time choose to upgrade from a Trial License to any other License Type, as long as Licensee pays the proper license fees associated with that License Type, and explicitly adheres to any applicable terms and conditions for that License Type. The Trial License will expire after 30 days but the Company may allow to extend the expiration window on its sole discretion. The software will not have any restrictions on the number of devices it may be used on for evaluation purposes.
   b. Monthly Subscription. A monthly subscription ("Monthly Subscription") is a license that allows Licensee to use the Software while all license fees ("Monthly Payments") are paid when due. The Monthly Subscription License is active for the duration of one (1) month ("Payment Period") after each Monthly Payment of applicable fees have been paid. If Monthly Payment authorization or card processing fails at the end of a Payment Period, the license will expire seven (7) days after the first instance of a failed Monthly Payment, in which case, Safe Kids will try to process the Monthly Payment transaction every 24 hours until the seven (7) day grace period is over or the transaction is successfully completed. Licensee may cancel a Monthly Subscription at any time, and the License will remain active until the Payment Period that was paid for ends. Licensee is entitled to updates and support for the paid duration of the Monthly Subscription. If the subscription license expires, the software functionality may be reduced to that of a free plan (if offered by the Company).
   c. Annual Subscription. An annual subscription ("Annual Subscription") is a license that allows Licensee to use the Software while all license fees ("Annual Payments") are paid when due. The Annual Subscription License is active for the duration of, and the Payment Period is, one (1) calendar year after each Annual Payment has been authorized. If Annual Payment authorization or card processing fails at the end of a Payment Period, the license will expire seven (7) days after the first instance of a failed Annual Payment, in which case, Safe Kids will try to process the Annual Payment transaction every 24 hours until the seven (7) day grace period is over or the transaction is successfully completed. Licensee may an Annual Subscription at any time, and the License will remain active until the Payment Period that was paid for ends. Licensee is entitled to updates and support for the paid duration of the Annual Subscription.
3. No Assignment; No Transfer. You agree not to transfer or assign the Software and/or this Agreement to another party without the prior written consent of Licensor. If such consent is given and you transfer or assign the Software and/or this Agreement, then you must at the same time either transfer any copies of the Software and Documentation to the same party or destroy or return to Licensor any such materials not transferred. Except as set forth above, you may not transfer or assign the Software or rights under this Agreement.
4. No Modification; No Reverse Engineering. You agree not to, without the prior written permission of Licensor: (i); disassemble, decompile or "unlock", decode or otherwise reverse translate or engineer, or attempt in any manner to reconstruct or discover any source code or underlying algorithms of the Software, if provided in object code form only; (ii) use, copy, modify, translate, reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, or create derivative works of the Software and any accompanying documents, or assist someone in performing such prohibited acts; or (iii) transfer, rent, lease, or sub license the Software.
5. Import/Export Restrictions. You agree not to import or export the Software or any Documentation (or any copies thereof) or any products utilizing the Software or any Documentation in violation of any applicable laws or regulations of the United States or the country to which you have imported or exported. You agree to indemnify Licensor from liability if you violate any such laws or regulations.
6. Title. This is a license agreement, and not an agreement for sale You agree that Licensor owns and holds title to the Software and any Documentation and all subsequent copies thereof regardless of the form or media. Furthermore, title, ownership rights, and intellectual property rights in the Software and any Documentation shall remain with Licensor. The Software and any Documentation are protected by copyright and other intellectual property laws and by international treaties.
7. Term and Termination. This license will be for the applicable the period for that particular License Type,  from the date that you first register for and pay the license fees for that particular License Type, if the license is not earlier terminated. You may terminate this license at any time by destroying the Software and any Documentation together with all copies and merged portions in any form. Your license for the Software will also terminate immediately if you fail to comply with any term or condition of this Agreement, file for bankruptcy, or are placed in receivership. Upon such termination, you agree to destroy the Software and Documentation, together with all copies thereof. You agree that you will not be entitled to a refund of any applicable license fee upon early termination of this Agreement.
8. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by, subject to, and construed in accordance with, the substantive laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia, without regard to its conflict of laws provisions. You expressly disclaim the applicability of, and waive any rights based upon, the Uniform Computer Information Transactions Act or the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods. In an action arising out of or relating to this Agreement, you consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the federal and state courts located in Fairfax County, Virginia. The prevailing party in any such action shall be entitled to recover its reasonable attorneys' fees and costs incurred in litigating or otherwise settling or resolving such action.
9. Binding Arbitration.  Subject to subsection (c) below and all applicable laws, you are agreeing to give up: (i) your right to litigate any claims that may arise hereunder in court or before a jury; and (ii) your right to consolidate any claim and/or participate in any class-action claim that may arise hereunder in any manner or forum. Instead, any claim, dispute, or controversy of any kind or nature arising hereunder which cannot be amicably resolved by us shall be solely and finally settled by arbitration administered by the American Arbitration Association in accordance with its commercial arbitration rules. Judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator(s) may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. The arbitration shall take place before a panel of one arbitrator sitting in Arlington Fairfax County, Virginia. The language of the arbitration shall be English. The arbitrators will be bound to adjudicate all disputes in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia. The arbitrator shall be empowered to award money damages, subject to the limitations set forth in Section 5. of these Terms & Conditions, but shall not be empowered to award indirect, incidental, consequential, punitive, exemplary or special damages or specific performance. Each pParty shall bear its own costs relating to the arbitration proceedings irrespective of its outcome. This section provides the sole recourse for the settlement of any disputes arising out of, in connection with, or related to these Terms. is Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any disputes with respect to intellectual property rights or seeking injunctive relief shall be submitted to the courts and shall not be subject to this provision and the parties. The parties hereby: (i) submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of any state or federal court sitting in the Commonwealth of Virginia in any action or proceeding seeking injunctive relief. YOU FURTHER AGREE, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, TO WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY WITH RESPECT TO ANY CLAIM, COUNTERCLAIM OR ACTION ARISING FROM THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT.
10. NO WARRANTIES. LICENSOR MAKES NO WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTIES' RIGHTS. THE SOFTWARE (INCLUDING SOURCE CODE) IS PROVIDED TO YOU ON AN "AS IS" BASIS. TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE DURATION OF STATUTORILY REQUIRED WARRANTIES, IF ANY, SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE ABOVE LIMITED WARRANTY PERIOD. MOREOVER, IN NO EVENT WILL WARRANTIES PROVIDED BY LAW, IF ANY, APPLY UNLESS THEY ARE REQUIRED TO APPLY BY STATUTE NOTWITHSTANDING THEIR EXCLUSION BY CONTRACT. NO DEALER, AGENT, OR EMPLOYEE OF LICENSOR IS AUTHORIZED TO MAKE ANY MODIFICATIONS, EXTENSIONS, OR ADDITIONS TO THIS LIMITED WARRANTY. THE ENTIRE RISK ARISING OUT OF USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THE SOFTWARE REMAINS WITH YOU.
11. Limitation of Remedies. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES AND UNDER NO LEGAL THEORY SHALL LICENSOR, OR ITS SUPPLIERS OR RESELLERS, BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY OTHER PERSON FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY CHARACTER INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF GOODWILL, LOST PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTIONS, WORK STOPPAGE, COMPUTER FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION, OR ANY AND ALL OTHER PERSONAL OR COMMERCIAL DAMAGES OR LOSSES ARISING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE PROGRAMS (WHETHER OR NOT DUE TO ANY DEFECTS THEREIN). IN NO EVENT WILL LICENSOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES EVEN IF LICENSOR SHALL HAVE BEEN INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES OR SUCH DAMAGES WERE REASONABLY FORSEEABLE, OR FOR ANY CLAIM BY ANY OTHER PARTY. THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY SHALL NOT APPLY TO LIABILITY FOR DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY RESULTING FROM LICENSOR'S NEGLIGENCE TO THE EXTENT APPLICABLE LAW PROHIBITS SUCH LIMITATION. IN NO EVENT SHALL LICENSOR'S LIABILITY EXCEED THE PURCHASE PRICE PAID BY YOU FOR THE SOFTWARE.
12. Indemnification. You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Licensor, its suppliers and its resellers from and against liabilities, costs, damages and expenses (including settlement costs and reasonable attorneys' fees) arising from any claims from anybody that result from or relate to your use, reproduction or distribution of the Software or your breach of any representation, warranty or obligation under this Agreement.
13. Severability. In the event any provision of this Agreement is found to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of any of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired.
14. Entire Agreement. You further agree that this Agreement is the complete and exclusive statement of the agreement between you and Licensor which supersedes all proposals or prior agreements, oral or written, and all other communications between you and Licensor relating to the subject matter of this agreement. This Agreement may only be modified by a written agreement signed by both you and an authorized representative of Licensor [optional: , provided, that no provision of this Agreement relating to Licensee may be modified without the additional written agreement of Licensee].
15. Acknowledgement. By downloading, installing or using any part of this Software, you indicate that you have read this Agreement, understand it, and agree to be bound by its terms and conditions.
16. Force Majeure. Licensor shall not be liable hereunder for any failure or delay in the performance of its obligations under this Agreement if such failure or delay is on account of causes beyond its control, including labor disputes, civil commotion, war, fires, floods, inclement weather, governmental regulations or controls, casualty, government authority, strikes, or acts of God, in which event Licensor shall be excused from its obligations for the period of the delay and for a reasonable time thereafter.
